[15174] Add new CMake option to allow users to enforce use of our third party shared_mutex (#2846)
eProsima/Fast-DDS: versions.md

Version 2.7.1
-------------

> * Added a new CMake option to allow users to enforce use of our third party shared_mutex

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a new CMake option to allow users to force the use of our third party shared_mutex
```
